Document fix for "Fails to access large" directory (#100)
cvmfs-contrib/cvmfs-csi: docs/how-to-use.md

When accessing a CVMFS repository you may get `Transport endpoint is not connected` error (`ENOTCONN` error code), or an empty directory. This is most likely caused by the CVMFS CSI node plugin Pod having been restarted (e.g. due to a crash, DaemonSet update, etc.), which then means losing FUSE processes that managed the CVMFS mounts, making it impossible to access them again.

To fix this, restart all Pods (`kubectl delete pod ...`) on the affected node that were using CVMFS volumes.

### `Input/output error` when accessing large directories

When accessing a CVMFS directory with large amounts of data inside you may receive the following error (depending on how the `cvmfscatalog` has split the data):

```
ls /cvmfs/foo/bar/baz
ls: can't open '/cvmfs/foo/bar/baz': Input/output error
```

> This means that the local cache is running out of space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may mean that the local cache is running out of space. You can check that's the case by looking into the CVMFS client logs.
```
